MTPlugins::Expressions
http://kalsey.com/tools/mtplugins/expressions/

Copyright 2003 Kalsey Consulting Group
http://kalsey.com/
--------------------------------------------------------

Expressions is a Movable Type (MT) plugin designed to be used 
by plugin developers. The plugin provides a method that 
allows plugins to support the use of Movable Type tag 
expressions in their tag attributes. When a plugin is using 
Expressions, MT tags like the following are allowed:

<MTFoo bar="[MTEntryBody encode_xml="1"]">

Please visit http://kalsey.com/tools/mtplugins/expressions/ for 
installation instructions, documentation, and a change log.


LICENSE
--------------------------------------------------------
Copyright (c) 2003 Kalsey Consulting Group

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person 
obtaining a copy of this software and associated 
documentation files (the "Software"), to deal in the Software 
without restriction, including without limitation the rights 
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, 
and/or sell copies of the Software, and to permit persons to 
whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to the 
following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall 
be included in all copies or substantial portions of the 
Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY 
KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE 
WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR 
PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR 
COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER 
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR 
OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE 
SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.
